the future of palestine's official
government the Palestinian Authority may
be playing out in communities under
Israeli attack husy was beaten in front
of his children when Israeli soldiers
raided his home in the balata refugee
camp when they read in the middle of the
day it's to weaken and make people hate
the Palestinian Authority I'm a security
officer in the PA I'm a son of the PA
they do this on purpose it's delate
unable to protect his family he says
makes him feel
defeated the first air strike carried
out by the Israelis in nablo since the
second inada was targeting the offices
of fata the political party running the
Palestinian Authority it has people
wondering how can this organization be
expected to protect its own people when
it can't even protect
itself day and night Israeli armored
columns move freely throughout the
occupied West Bank
in villages plagued by settler violence
residents say the PA is failing to do
even the bare
minimum we defend ourselves we got no
one to protect us here we depend on each
other on those who live in the house our
neighbors there's no PA security
presence here there's no protection at
all no presence for the PA Security in
the entire area this is an area under
isra
control not being vocal enough on Gaza
maintaining links with Israel things
that have contrib
to the PA's falling poll numbers but
public trust was through the floor even
before the war more and more people
losing faith in a negotiated settlement
appear to favor armed
resistance the people want the authority
to implement good governance they want
the Palestinian Authority to take
positions that are proportionate to the
events cut ties with Israel withdraw
recognition talk about Gaza how many
times did the president speak to the
Palestinian Community being close to the
people is important the Palestinian
Authority says if it seems helpless It
Is by
Design it's clear that there is a US
Israeli understanding that this is the
last war they want a solution of some
sort for the Palestinian question it's
part of a plan whereby Israel joins the
regional Arab system and the US has
control of the Middle
East in the 30 years since the PA was
formed Palestinian lands have
consistently shrunk
it is something fueling the popularity
of armed groups who are in the eyes of
the people at least doing something to
actively resist Israeli
oppression while the PA has a security
Force estimated to number between 30 and
40,000 their main function appears to be
quashing internal
dissent accusations of corruption a
public image of capitulation big houses
fancy cars the feeling on the
Palestinian streets is the PA has all
the wrappings of a government without a
country to govern Zan basravi Al jazer
in the occupied West Bank